                                                                 RESUME
Tanuja Nagesh goge 
Mobile: +91-7887920654
                                                                                                   Mail ID: tanujagoge11@gmail.com
 

 Career Objective :
 To work and grow in an environment where performances is rewarded with new 
responsibilities and challenges to myself to be an assets to the organization and team by making 
maximum use of the resources available.


Personal Assets :
• Ability to work hard for the longer duration.
• Determination to reach the set goals before the deadline.
• Loyalty towards the management.
• Dedication towards profession
Professional Summary:
• Dedicated Production Engineer experience and a BE in Electronics and Telecommunication.
Academics Summary:
• BE in ELECTRONIC AND TELE COMMUNICATION (YEAR 2017).
Professional Experience Summary:
• Working as a Testing and Production Engineer 
Responsibilities:
Responsible for final testing three phase testing single phase testing.
Responsible for job work , annual maintenance in working territory.
Responsible for customer enquiries, and payment follow up.
Train the newly recruit engineer.
• Company : Shogini technoart (2016 to 2017)
Role : Gereber editing 
Responsible for final editing ident layer drill layer checkup.Responsible for final editing masking layer and tracking layer.
Maintenan production for pcb.
• Company : Simfisis technology (2018 to 1019)
Role: Production Engineeer
Responsible for final editing ident layer drill layer checkup.
Responsible for final editing masking layer and tracking layer.
Maintenan production for pcb.
                                                                   Personal Profile
Date Of Birth : 04-05-1993
Gender : female
Language Known : English, Hindi, Marathi 
Marital Status : Married 
Current Location : Pune, Maharashtra
DECLARATION: I declared that the above information is correct up to my knowledge & I 
bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mention particulars.
 
DATE : 24/07/2019
PLACE : PUNE
                                                                                                                                      


                                                                                                              Yours sincerely, 
                                                                                                            (Tanuja Nagesh Goge)
